Resolving Nested Groups
Next, let’s use our our newly
developed PowerShell script
to unravel the nested groups
we found with net.exe.
The first task is to locate all groups
in the domain and print their names.
To do this, we will create a
filter extracting all records
with an objectClass set to “Group”.
In addition, we will only
print the name property
for each group instead of all properties.
When executed, the script outputs
a list of all groups in the domain.
There are several groups
including Secret_Group,
Nested_Group and
Another_Nested_Group.
Now let’s try to list the members
of the group “Secret_Group”
by setting a filter on the name property.
We will only display the member
attribute to obtain the group members.
The modified script will
dump the names of the
DistinguishedName group members.
According to this output, Nested_Group
is a member of Secret_Group.
To enumerate its members,
we must repeat the steps
performed in order to list the
members of Nested_Group.
We can do this by replacing
the group name in the filter.
This indicates that Another_Nested_Group
is the only member of Nested_Group.
We’ll need to modify the script again,
replacing Nested_Group
with Another_Nested_Group.
Finally we find that the domain user Adam
is the sole member of
Another_Nested_Group.
This ends the enumeration required
to enumerate the nested groups
and demonstrates how
PowerShell and LDAP
can be leveraged to perform
this kind of lookup.